Review cloning docs for CQA and foremanctl (#4866)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_preparing-the-source-server-for-cloning.adoc

----
# du -sh /var/lib/pulp/
----
. If you have a large amount of Pulp data, perform a backup without Pulp data and transfer it to the target server manually.

> This is recommended if you have more than 500 GB of Pulp data, or if you use a slow storage system, such as NFS, and have more than 100 GB of Pulp data.

Reviewer: We can simplify this, and must avoid [recommended](https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#recommend).

```suggestion
. If you have more than 500 GB of Pulp data, or more than 100 GB of Pulp data with a slow storage system, such as NFS, perform a backup without Pulp data and transfer it to the target server manually.
```

Author: Using two sentences is intentional here because a single sentence (like the one you're proposing and I actually tried :)), contained too much information and too many numbers so it was difficult to parse.

Author: "Recommended" is actually fine as a verb generally. The style guide prohibits "Red Hat recommends" or "we recommend'. It's also not suitable for situations where you're recommending a user to do something -- in that case a simple imperative is preferable.

I could replace it with an even more generic "useful" but perhaps there is a way to turn it into an imperative as well. I'll see what I can do.
